A peep at some distant orb has power to raise and purify our thoughts like a strain of sacred music, or a noble picture, or a passage from the grander poets. It always does one good.
aeon inane none hoed nosed diseased handed noise haded sanded one hie deeded shine honed disdained hen ash said hah onion sodded donned and aha dine
Airway Bebeast Chickdom Deadringer Endeavor Foxfish Gigatonne Hipsterish Invariable Jujitsu Kickboxing Lithophile Mommykins Nonfragrant Otoacoustic Prospect Quasiquote Refactoring Spokesbird Thattaboy Unsubmitted Velvetfish Wristwork Xeroxable Youngberry Zettahertz
Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes.
ARROWROOT BARLEY CHERVIL DUMPLING ENDIVE FLAXSEED GARBANZO HIJIKI ISHTU JICAMA KALE LYCHEE MARJORAM NECTARINE OXTAIL PIZZA QUINOA ROQUEFORT SQUASH TOFU UPPUMA VANILLA WHEAT XERGIS YOGURT ZWEIBACK 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ! ?
Attaboy Bubble Cache Dwindle Essence Flyleaf Grunge Headache Infinite Jinjer Kinky Lonely Murmur Norwegian Officious Purpose Qashqai Rarity Sognefjord’s Testy Usual Vivian Woodwind Xerxes Yuppy Zanzibar
Autoinstall Beetlebrain Cyberschool Disposedly Empowered Forefix Graylag Highline Ineffective Jujuman Kangaroolike Ludophilia Minimalize Nondesired Overzealous Propellered Quisqualate Rejoinder Soundclash Throstle Ultracasual Valuative Westward Xenotoxic Youngerly Zigzagger
Battle of Thermopylae: Quick javelin grazed wry Xerxes.
Boxers had zap of gay jock love, quit women.
Carl Sagan. “Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space”.
dined shoon hooded ahead shined hashed dinned soon nod nine sane inned ani session doe node idea side indeed aide anise hose noose noshed inside hid
disease deed adenoid hoodooed deaned end denied anon iodine nosh shooed deadened sided addenda did aniseed sand hied nodded nose shoeshine hashish
eagerer hearten ensnaring tufting interstate meager veneration stigma feminine tabbing noising trimming throbbing ransoming stiffen oaring fishing
Fix problem quickly with galvanized jets.
fortieth boring trait favoring barrage referring thrusting tannest embargo sausage gaining astutest augur hibernate variant hearse beggaring foresee
Grumpy wizards make toxic brew for the evil Queen and Jack.
Had the force which irradiated any stratum to its position, been either more or less than was needed for the purpose—that is to say, not _directly proportional_ to the purpose—then to its position that stratum could not have been irradiated.
Had the force which, with a view to general equability of distribution, emitted the proper number of atoms for each stratum, been not _directly proportional_ to the number, then the number would _not_ have been the number demanded for the equable distribution.
hissed done seed noon sensed sinned needed send nooned odd disdain shinned anion had shied
I reply that the objection, in this case, actually does arise out of “an unwarranted assumption”—on the part of the objector—the assumption of a principle, in Dynamics, at an epoch when _no_ “principles,” in _anything_, exist:—I use the word “principle,” of course, in the objector’s understanding of the word.
I reply, not only that I am warranted in such assumption, but that I should be utterly _un_warranted in any other.
In looking carefully around me for rational objection to what I have advanced, I am able to discover _nothing_;—but of that class of objections usually urged by the doubters for Doubt’s sake, I veryreadily perceive _three_; and proceed to dispose of them in order.
insentient rehashing fresher buttering sorghum thine sitter month serer minting variate torsion gaunt berthing goofiest sober informing sourer tonight neigh iratest torte situate rheumier antagonist serening motion guise unseeing masseuse
It has been said that astronomy is a humbling and character-building experience. There is perhaps no better demonstration of the folly of human conceits than this distant image of our tiny world.
It is an admitted principle in Dynamics that every body, on receiving an impulse, or disposition to move, will move onward in a straight line, in the direction imparted by the impelling force, until deflected, or stopped, by some other force. How then, it may be asked, is my first or external stratum of atoms to be understood as discontinuing their movement at the circumference of the imaginary glass sphere, when no second force, of more than an imaginary character, appears, to account for the discontinuance?
It may be said, first: “The proof that the force of irradiation (in the case described) is directly proportional to the squares of the distances, depends upon an unwarranted assumption—that of the number of atoms in each stratum being the measure of the force with which they are emitted.”
Jumbling vext frowzy hacks PDQ.
Look again at that dot. That's here. That's home. That's us.
Neither can a deficiency nor an excess of cause bring to pass any effect.
Nothing could be further from truth
Nymphs blitz quick vex dwarf jog.
On it everyone you love, everyone you know, everyone you ever heard of, every human being who ever was, lived out their lives.
One morning, when Gregor Samsa woke from troubled dreams, he found himself transformed in his bed into a horrible vermin. He lay on his armour-like back, and if he lifted his head a little he could see his brown belly, slightly domed and divided by arches into stiff sections.
Our planet is a lonely speck in the great enveloping cosmic dark. In our obscurity, in all this vastness, there is no hint that help will come from elsewhere to save us from ourselves.
Our posturings, our imagined self-importance, the delusion that we have some privileged position in the Universe, are challenged by this point of pale light.
Public junk dwarves hug my quartz fox.
Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim.
rehire overbore bonniest ravishment teensiest mintier shriven unforeseen overrate surgeon smarter submarine revenging assuaging masher amnesia
Schwarzkopf vexed Iraq big-time in July.
serviced tightly trestle custom nosey impugned gooier deeper oat charade smashed welting clopping fondly discard welfare gaudy mission shoddily mooed knelling glance golfed trope togae knocked vulgarly gigabyte curbing snowball outback stepped marmot clayier coltish descry gratify root freedom puree urgency moist careered journal oracle felony marble salary readying besiege twitched ranching snoozing disk mister warbling outwit schism sudsiest street gondola blushing pennon smarted jiving sty rocker griping rocketry dieing tarring A very big box sailed up then whizzed quickly from Japan the five boxing wizards jump quickly pack my red box with five dozen quality jugs
Show mangled quartz flip vibe exactly.
Swathanthra Malayalam Computing (SMC) is a free software collective engaged in development, localization, standardization and popularization of various Free and Open Source Softwares in Malayalam language.
The aggregate of our joy and suffering, thousands of confident religions, ideologies, and economic doctrines, every hunter and forager, every hero and coward, every creator and destroyer of civilization, ever king and peasant, every young couple in love, every moth and father, hopeful child, inventor and explorer, every teacher of morals, every corrupt politician, every "superstar,” every "supreme leader," every saint and sinner in the history of our species lived there—on a mote of dust suspended in a sunbeam.
The bedding was hardly able to cover it and seemed ready to slide off any moment. His many legs, pitifully thin compared with the size of the rest of him, waved about helplessly as he looked.
The Earth is a very small stage in a vast cosmic arena. Think of the rivers of blood spilled by all those generals and emperors so that, in glory and triumph, they could become momentary masters of a fraction of a dot. Think of the endless visited by the inhabitants of one corner of this pixel the scarcely distinguishable inhabitants of some other corner, how frequent their misunderstandings, how eager they are to kill one another, how fervent their hatreds. <br /><br />
The Earth is the only world known so far to harbor life. There is nowhere else, at least in the near future, to which our species could migrate.
the five boxing wizards jump quickly pack my red box with five dozen quality jugs a very big box sailed up then whizzed quickly from japan
The second supposable objection is somewhat better entitled to an answer.
To me, it underscores our responsibility to deal more kindly with one another, and to preserve and cherish the pale blue dot, the only home we've ever known.
Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz.
Visit, yes. Settle, not yet. Like it or not, for the moment the Earth is where we make our stand.
Watch “Jeopardy!”, Alex Trebek’s fun TV quiz game.
What I assume is, simply, that an effect is the measure of its cause—that every exercise of the Divine Will will be proportional to that which demands the exertion—that the means of Omnipotence, or of Omniscience, will be exactly adapted to its purposes.
Why shouldn’t a quixotic Kazakh vampire jog barefoot?